I never used ruby on rails and language ruby before. I spent my whole weekends learning this new language. I cannot wait to write my opinions about it. It is amazing because it is much more object-oriented than any other languages I used before such as C, C++, Java, JavaScript and Python. It is more like English, which means it is easier for us to understand. More importantly, I found it has so many built-in methods for users to use. For example, when I want to change an array or find some specific elements like odd or even numbers in the array, I can simply use built-in functions. Besides, I found “class and inheritance structures” is clearer than other languages as well. I am still learning the language. I really like it.

However, it is pretty easy to install local IDE to run it. I spent hours to install it in my mac. There is a solution to the problem. I can simply use cloud IDE like Cloud9 or Codeanywhere to run ruby on rails. Since I have installed in my mac, I still prefer to run it in my own laptop.

I built a social forum android app before with my teammates before. Therefore, I built this simple forum website to simulate the functions of the mobile app. Ruby is more powerful than I expected. I usually use JavaScript and p5.js to build my portfolio website. It is good for beginners to start. However, I find ruby on rails is a really powerful tool to build web applications because I can manage and customize my website more easily. It is pretty like Java, so I think it also provide guarantees like control flow and memory safety.

Advantages:
It is more natural
It is more powerful
It is more concise and brief
There are so many gems and plug-ins are available for free

Disadvantages:
The performance is not as fast as apps written in the Java or C languages and platforms.
The runtime speed and boot speed sometimes are slower.
